Add content for WebTransport (#198)
libp2p/docs: content/concepts/transport.md

look like: `/ip4/127.0.0.1/udp/65432/quic/`.

In this section, we offered an overview of QUIC and how QUIC works in libp2p.

## WebTransport

Another transport protocol under development at the IETF is WebTransport.
WebTransport is a new specification that uses QUIC to offer an alternative to
WebSockets. It can be considered WebSockets over QUIC by allowing 
browsers to establish a stream-multiplexed and bidirectional 
connection to servers. 

> The specification can depend on and reuse the QUIC infrastructure in place 
> to offer WebSockets that take the benefits of UDP and offer streams without 
> head-of-line blocking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Instead, can we explain why WebTransport allows us to connect _any_ libp2p browser node with _any_ server node? This is because it supports verifying the certificate by its certificate hash (https://www.w3.org/TR/webtransport/#dom-webtransportoptions-servercertificatehashes), whereas for WebSocket is was necessary that the TLS cert was signed by a trusted CA.

Reviewer: Can we remove this sentence?

Recall that WebSockets are bidirectional, full-duplex communication between two 
points over a single-socket connection. WebTransport can be used

> like WebSockets, but with the support of multiple streams.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While WebSocket provides a bidirectional, full-duplex communication between a browser and a server over a TCP connection, WebTransport exposes the streams of a QUIC connection to the browser.``

> WebTransport supports reliable streams that can be arbitrary in size. They can be 
> independent and canceled if needed. The datagrams in a 
> WebTransport connections are MTU-sized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Instead, we could say that WebTransport therefore exhibits all the advantages of QUIC over TCP (faster handshake, no HoL blocking, future-proof).

{{% notice "caution" %}}

> There is an experimental WebTransport transport in go-libp2p that is part 
> of the v0.23 release. The implementation should be used experimentally and is not 
> recommended for production environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
go-libp2p added (experimental) support for WebTransport transport as part
of the v0.23 release.
```

1. Can we also link to the release (notes)?
2. We should say that js-libp2p will release WebTransport support really soon, and maybe link to https://github.com/libp2p/js-libp2p-webtransport
3. We should say that there are currently no concrete plans to support WebTransport in any other libp2p implementation.

{{% /notice %}}

For network stacks like libp2p, WebTransport is a pluggable
protocol that fits well with a modular network design.

For a standard WebSocket connection, the roundtrips required are as follows:

> - 1-RTT for TCP handshake

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 1 RTT for TCP handshake
```

... also for all the other list items

- 1-RTT for TLS 1.3 handshake
- 1-RTT for WebSocket upgrade
- 1-RTT for multistream security negotiation (Noise or TLS 1.3)
- 1-RTT for security handshake (Noise or TLS 1.3)
- 1-RTT for multistream muxer negotiation (mplex or yamux)

In total, 6-RTTs.

WebTransport running over QUIC only requires 4 RTTs, as:

- 1-RTT for QUIC handshake
- 1-RTT for WebTransport handshake

> - 2-RTT for libp2p handshake; one for multistream and one for authentication 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 1 RTT for the Noise libp2p handshake
```

  (with a Noise handshake)

> > With protocol select, the WebTransport handshake and the libp2p handshake 
> > can run in parallel, bringing down the total round trips to 2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In principle, the WebTransport protocol would even allow running the WebTransport handshake and the Noise handshake at the same time. However, this is currently not possible in Chrome due to a bug in its WebTransport implementation.
```

look like: `/ip4/127.0.0.1/udp/65432/quic/`.

In this section, we offered an overview of QUIC and how QUIC works in libp2p.

## WebTransport

Another transport protocol under development at the IETF is WebTransport.
WebTransport is a new specification that uses QUIC to offer an alternative to

> WebSocket. It can be considered WebSocket over QUIC by allowing 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WebSocket. Conceptually, it can be considered WebSocket over QUIC. It allows
```

browsers to establish a stream-multiplexed and bidirectional 
connection to servers. 

The specification can depend on and reuse the QUIC infrastructure in place 
to offer WebSockets that take the benefits of UDP and offer streams without 
head-of-line blocking.

> WebTransports allows us to connect to any libp2p browser node with any server node
> because the protocol supports certificate verification via certificate hash, whereas
> for WebSocket, it is necessary that the TLS certificate is signed by a trusted CA
> (certificate authority).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When connecting to a WebSocket server, browsers require the server to present a
TLS certificate is signed by a trusted CA (certificate authority). Few nodes have such
a certificate, which is the reason that WebSocket never saw widespread adoption in the
libp2p network.
The browser API for WebTransport on the other hand added a way to accept the server's
certificate by checking the (SHA-256) hash of the certificate (using the [`serverCertificateHashes` option](https://www.w3.org/TR/webtransport/#dom-webtransportoptions-servercertificatehashes)),
even if the certificate is "just" a self-signed certificate. This allows us to connect any browser node
to any server node, as long as the browser knows the certificate hash in advance (see [#WebTransport in libp2p] for how WebTransport addresses achieve this).
```

> While WebSocket provides a bidirectional, full-duplex communication between a 

Reviewer: This should probably be moved before the paragraph above.

browser and a server over a TCP connection, WebTransport exposes the streams of a 
QUIC connection to the browser.

Therefore, WebTransport exhibits all the advantages of QUIC over TCP, that being 
faster handshakes, no HoL blocking, and being future-proof.

{{% notice "caution" %}}

There is an experimental WebTransport transport in go-libp2p that is part 
of the [v0.23 release](https://github.com/libp2p/go-libp2p/releases/tag/v0.23.0). 
The implementation should be used experimentally and is not recommended for production 
environments.

js-libp2p also plans to release 

> [WebTransport support](https://github.com/libp2p/js-libp2p-webtransport) relatively soon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[WebTransport support](https://github.com/libp2p/js-libp2p-webtransport) very soon.
```

There are currently no concrete plans to support WebTransport beyond the Go and JS 
implementations.

{{% /notice %}}

For network stacks like libp2p, WebTransport is a pluggable
protocol that fits well with a modular network design.

For a standard WebSocket connection, the roundtrips required are as follows:

- 1 RTT for TCP handshake
- 1 RTT for TLS 1.3 handshake
- 1 RTT for WebSocket upgrade
- 1 RTT for multistream security negotiation (Noise or TLS 1.3)
- 1 RTT for security handshake (Noise or TLS 1.3)
- 1 RTT for multistream muxer negotiation (mplex or yamux)

In total, 6 RTTs.

WebTransport running over QUIC only requires 4 RTTs, as:

- 1 RTT for QUIC handshake
- 1 RTT for WebTransport handshake

> - 2 RTT for libp2p handshake; one for multistream and one for authentication 

Reviewer: This is only a single round trip, since we don't negotiate the handshake protocol. We just specified how to do Noise.

  (with a Noise handshake)

In principle, the WebTransport protocol would even allow running the WebTransport 

> handshake and the Noise handshake at the same time. However, this is currently not 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
handshake and the Noise handshake in parallel. However, this is currently not 
```

possible in Chrome due to a bug in its WebTransport implementation.

### WebTransport in libp2p

WebTransport multiaddresses are composed of a QUIC multiaddr, followed 
by `/webtransport` and a list of multihashes of the node certificates that the server uses.

For instance, for multiaddress `/ip4/127.0.0.1/udp/123/quic/webtransport/certhash/<hash1>`, 
a standard local QUIC connection is defined up until and including `/quic.` 

> Then, `/webtransport/` runs over QUIC and the self-signed certificate hash that the 
> server will use to verify the connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, `/webtransport/` runs over QUIC. The `/certhash` component contains the hash of the (self-signed) certificate that the server will present during the QUIC handshake.
```

WebTransport requires an HTTPS URL to establish a WebTransport session - 
e.g., `https://docs.libp2p.com/webtransport` and the multiaddresses use an HTTP URL
instead. The HTTP endpoint of a libp2p WebTransport servers must be located at 
`/.well-known/libp2p-webtransport`.

For instance, the WebTransport URL of a WebTransport server advertising 
`/ip4/1.2.3.4/udp/1234/quic/webtransport/` that is authenticated would be 
`https://1.2.3.4:1234/.well-known/libp2p-webtransport?type=noise`.

> 
> In this section, we offered an overview of WebTransport and how WebTransport works 
> in libp2p.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

environments.

js-libp2p also plans to release 
[WebTransport support](https://github.com/libp2p/js-libp2p-webtransport) very soon.

There are currently no concrete plans to support WebTransport beyond the Go and JS 
implementations.

{{% /notice %}}

For network stacks like libp2p, WebTransport is a pluggable
protocol that fits well with a modular network design.

For a standard WebSocket connection, the roundtrips required are as follows:

- 1 RTT for TCP handshake
- 1 RTT for TLS 1.3 handshake
- 1 RTT for WebSocket upgrade
- 1 RTT for multistream security negotiation (Noise or TLS 1.3)
- 1 RTT for security handshake (Noise or TLS 1.3)
- 1 RTT for multistream muxer negotiation (mplex or yamux)

In total, 6 RTTs.

WebTransport running over QUIC only requires 3 RTTs, as:

- 1 RTT for QUIC handshake
- 1 RTT for WebTransport handshake
- 1 RTT for libp2p handshake; one for multistream and one for authentication 
  (with a Noise handshake)

In principle, the WebTransport protocol would even allow running the WebTransport 
handshake and the Noise handshake in parallel. However, this is currently not 

> possible in Chrome due to a bug in its WebTransport implementation.

Reviewer 2: Is there a link for this bug?

Reviewer: I originally raised this in the IETF spec in https://github.com/ietf-wg-webtrans/draft-ietf-webtrans-http3/issues/73. We probably shouldn't call this a Chrome bug, since the current API doesn't allow making use of this feature yet: https://github.com/w3c/webtransport/issues/409.

> handshake and the Noise handshake in parallel. However, this is currently not 
> possible in Chrome due to a bug in its WebTransport implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
handshake and the Noise handshake in parallel. However, this is currently not 
possible in since the [browser API doesn't allow](https://github.com/w3c/webtransport/issues/409) that yet.
```

### WebTransport in libp2p

WebTransport multiaddresses are composed of a QUIC multiaddr, followed 
by `/webtransport` and a list of multihashes of the node certificates that the server uses.

For instance, for multiaddress `/ip4/127.0.0.1/udp/123/quic/webtransport/certhash/<hash1>`, 
a standard local QUIC connection is defined up until and including `/quic.` 
Then, `/webtransport/` runs over QUIC. The self-signed certificate hash that the 
server will use to verify the connection.

WebTransport requires an HTTPS URL to establish a WebTransport session - 

> e.g., `https://docs.libp2p.com/webtransport` and the multiaddresses use an HTTP URL

Reviewer 2: What do you mean by "HTTP URL instead"? isn't this an https url?

Reviewer: Maybe we should say: The WebTransport CONNECT is sent sent an HTTPS endpoint. libp2p WebTransports servers use `/.well-known/libp2p-webtransport`.

instead. The HTTP endpoint of a libp2p WebTransport servers must be located at 
`/.well-known/libp2p-webtransport`.

> For instance, the WebTransport URL of a WebTransport server advertising 
> `/ip4/1.2.3.4/udp/1234/quic/webtransport/` that is authenticated would be 
> `https://1.2.3.4:1234/.well-known/libp2p-webtransport?type=noise`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For instance, the WebTransport URL of a WebTransport server advertising 
`/ip4/1.2.3.4/udp/1234/quic/webtransport/` would be 
`https://1.2.3.4:1234/.well-known/libp2p-webtransport?type=noise` (the ?type=noise refers to the authentication scheme using Noise).
```
